add Message Service Requirements (#4)
cdevents/implementation-wg: docs/message_service_requirements.md

# **CDEvents Message Service Requirements**

## **1\. Introduction**

> The purpose of this document is to outline the requirements for implementing a CDEvents message service for all open-source projects. This service will be based on CDEvents and **WILL** run in an environment that will utilize the CDEvents message service. The message service **WILL** utilize any supported protocols of CloudEvents and will incorporate security measures to prevent attacks.

Reviewer: > This service will be based on CDEvents and WILL run in an environment that will utilize the CDEvents message service.

This reads odd.

This service, this is the CDEvents message service, but then we go on to say it will run in an environment that utilize the CDEvents message service. "WILL run", this is the message bus?

Reviewer: This sentence may need to be rewritten some too

> The message service **WILL** utilize any supported protocols of CloudEvents and will incorporate security measures to prevent attacks.

Maybe something like

> The message service **WILL** be designed with security's best practices in mind and support any [protocols](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/45026679ee7e5eef347b58a5a6d4410186321384/README.md?plain=1#L39-L50) that CloudEvents supports.

> This document covers the requirements for developing, and deploying a CDEvents message service. It includes functional and non-functional requirements, security measures, and constraints of the overall environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document covers the requirements for developing and deploying a CDEvents message service. It includes functional and non-functional requirements, security measures, and constraints of the overall environment.
```

## **2\. Overall Description**

### **2.1 Product Perspective**

> The CDEvents message service is an integral component of the CI/CD pipeline for open-source projects. It will facilitate event-driven communication across different stages of the development lifecycle, ensuring seamless integration and automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CDEvents message service is an integral component of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for open-source projects. It will facilitate event-driven communication across different stages of the SDLC, ensuring seamless integration and automation.
```

### **3.2 Non-Functional Requirements**

The system must ensure high availability and resilience. It should be scalable to handle varying loads and provide low latency in event processing. The system should also be maintainable and easy to upgrade.

### **3.3 Security Requirements**

The system could use whitelisted trusted sources that publish and subscribe. Also, Personal access tokens could be used for authentication. Rate limiting will be implemented to prevent denial of service attacks. Data will be available to the public based on whitelisting and/or access tokens.

### **3.4 System Requirements**

The system shall run on an infrastructure that supports Cloud Events. It should support various messaging tools, such as CNCF NATS, KNative, RabbitMQ and Kafka, but it is not restricted to these.

### **3.5 Interface Requirements**

Integration with logging and monitoring tools will be supported to provide web-based dashboard for monitoring and management. Optional integration with a document or graph database for persisting events would provide playback and auditing of the events.

## **4\. Use Cases**

### **4.1 Use Case Diagrams**

> \[Include use case diagrams illustrating the interactions between actors and the system.\]

Reviewer: We probably should add a few diagrams to help illustrate the proposal
